Make Backup page more specific (#770)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: wiki/en/Include-Backing-Up.md

<!-- NOTE: This must apply to both Client and Server, and all operating systems -->

Once installed and running, you may want to keep a copy of your settings. Having a backup is always a good idea, and settings files are not backwardly compatible between versions of Jamulus. So if you want to go back to the previous version, you will need to restore the settings you had.

To find your settings file on Windows, launch the file manager and type `%APPDATA%` into the folder path box at the top. After that, search for the a folder named `Jamulus`. There will be one or more `.ini` files in this folder. Now back up Jamulus' settings by copying these files to a different location.

> For all other platforms, run the following from the command line to find where they live:

Reviewer: It's probably worth another note after the `find` to back up all Jamulus ini files in the same location, and then a final comment to remind people to check for any `--inifile` parameters they've chosen to specify and back the mentioned files up, too.

Author: ```suggestion
For all other platforms, run the following from the command line to find where they live and copy the files to another location:
```

Reviewer: Yeah, that's better.

`find ~ -name Jamulus.ini -ls`

> 

Author: ```suggestion

If you used the `--inifile` parameter to save an inifile to a different location, don't forget to also backup these files.
```

Reviewer: Sounds good.

<!-- NOTE: This must apply to both Client and Server, and all operating systems -->

Once installed and running, you may want to keep a copy of your settings. Having a backup is always a good idea, and settings files are not backwardly compatible between versions of Jamulus. So if you want to go back to the previous version, you will need to restore the settings you had.

> To find your settings file on Windows, type `%APPDATA%` into the search bar and look for a folder named `Jamulus`. There will be one or more `.ini` files in this folder. Now back up Jamulus' settings by copying these files to a different location.

Author: ```suggestion
To find your settings file on Windows, type `%APPDATA%` into the search bar and look for a folder named `Jamulus`. There will be one or more `.ini` files in this folder. Now back up Jamulus' settings.
```

Reviewer 2: Still not necessary to repeat that last sentence really (the para is about backing up), but hey.

Reviewer: I think "find where the files are" and "copy the files" should be split up.

The explanation of how to find the files is platform-specific.

The statement that the files need copying to somewhere safe as a back up is not.

This applies moreso below, where the text implies that the `find` command actually does the copy.

Author: Yes. But it doesn’t hurt either.

Author: ```suggestion
To find your settings file on Windows, type `%APPDATA%` into the search bar and look for a folder named `Jamulus`. There will be one or more `.ini` files in this folder.
```

> To find your settings file on Windows, launch the file manager and type `%APPDATA%` into the folder path box at the top. After that, search for the a folder named `Jamulus`. There will be one or more `.ini` files in this folder. Now back up Jamulus' settings by copying these files to a different location.

Reviewer 2: I think this might be confusing on some setups. Probably more universal to say:

```suggestion
To find your settings file on Windows, type `%APPDATA%` into the search bar and look for a folder named `Jamulus`. There will be one or more `.ini` files in this folder. Now back up Jamulus' settings by copying these files to a different location.
```

Reviewer 2: Also, "Now back up Jamulus' settings by copying these files to a different location." seems a bit redundant?

Reviewer: In a para about _finding_ the settings, yes.

Author: Agree, but one could also say it's clarification what to do. But we can remove it.
